===== Lode Runner Original And Championship Puzzle Files =====


The original personal computer versions of Lode Runner that Broderbund
published included 150 levels. There was also a sequel called
Championship Lode Runner, which was the same game with 50 more levels,
all quite difficult, that players had sent to Broderbund.

All 200 of those levels are included here. Because the new Lode Runner
is not quite exactly the same as the original, not all the levels
are solveable. I haven't played them all to check them, but
rather than do so I decided to release them in their exact original form
so players may see them as they were and change them as they wish.
(The Championship levels are particularly tough - don't assume they're
unsolvable before you give up. Differences in play will generally be
related to timing. There are minor differences in Bungeling behavior as
well).
The only change I've made to the original levels is to add exits to
each of them. For the most part, I tried to do this in as unintrusive
a manner as possible, so that levels would play as close to the
original as possible.


Copyright & Distribution Information--------- - ------------ -----------

The level groups "Original Levels" and "Championship Levels" are
copyright ©1994 Presage Software Development Co.; all rights reserved.
This software may be redistributed under the following conditions:
-	This document and the two level	group files must be distributed together, 
	in the same compressed-file archive.
-	The "Lode Runner Original And Championship Puzzle Files" package may 
	be freely posted to any BBS or information service which charges its 
	users for general connect and downloading time; the package may 
	-not- be posted to any BBS or information service which will charge 
	for the specific right to download "Lode Runner Original And Championship Puzzle Files".
-	Commercial publishers and distributors of CD-ROM software collections
	may not include the "Lode Runner Original And Championship Puzzle Files" 
	package without the express written permission of Presage Software 
	Development Co.

For additional information, contact us at one of these addresses:-------
Internet: Presage@applelink.apple.com
AppleLink: Presage
Mail: Jake Hoelter	  
Presage Software Development Co.
901 E. Street, Box 300	  San Rafael, CA 94901-2850
Fax: (415) 454-6992